com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentBusinessBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentBusinessBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModuleModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentUsPoliticsBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentUsPoliticsBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentSportsBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentSportsBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/Activity/SearchedDetailsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.Activity.SearchedDetailsActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_category_TopNewsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_category_TopNewsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/ActivityAlertsThatMatterBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.ActivityAlertsThatMatterBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/SearchFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.SearchFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_SearchFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_SearchFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_MyApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_MyApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/Hilt_SearchFragment.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.Hilt_SearchFragment
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/category/SportsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.category.SportsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentTopNewsBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentTopNewsBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cnn_news_app/viewmodel/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.viewmodel.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.cnn_news_app.viewmodel.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.cnn_news_app.viewmodel.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/cnn_news_app/firebaseAuth/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.firebaseAuth.SignUpActivity
 com.example.cnn_news_app.firebaseAuth.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.cnn_news_app.firebaseAuth.SignUpActivity$2
 com.example.cnn_news_app.firebaseAuth.SignUpActivity$3
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_Activity_DetailedNews_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_Activity_DetailedNews_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_di_DatabaseModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_di_DatabaseModuleModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory
 com.example.cnn_news_app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/category/TopNewsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.category.TopNewsFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/category/Hilt_TopNewsFragment.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.category.Hilt_TopNewsFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_Activity_SearchedDetailsActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_Activity_SearchedDetailsActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_category_SportsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_category_SportsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.BuildConfig
com/example/cnn_news_app/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cnn_news_app/viewmodel/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.viewmodel.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cnn_news_app.viewmodel.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentWorldBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentWorldBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/ActivitySelectNewsFeedBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.ActivitySelectNewsFeedBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentSearchDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentSearchDetailsBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModuleModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentHealthBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentHealthBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/NewsItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.NewsItemLayoutBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/ActivitySlaphScreenBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.ActivitySlaphScreenBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/Hilt_HomeFragment.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.Hilt_HomeFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_viewmodel_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_viewmodel_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModuleModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideConverterFactoryFactory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideConverterFactoryFactory
 com.example.cnn_news_app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideConverterFactoryFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/SearchDetailsItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.SearchDetailsItemLayoutBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/firebaseAuth/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.firebaseAuth.LoginActivity
 com.example.cnn_news_app.firebaseAuth.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.cnn_news_app.firebaseAuth.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.cnn_news_app.firebaseAuth.LoginActivity$3
com/example/cnn_news_app/Hilt_MyApplication.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.Hilt_MyApplication
 com.example.cnn_news_app.Hilt_MyApplication$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_SavedFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_view_fragments_SavedFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/Activity/Hilt_DetailedNews.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.Activity.Hilt_DetailedNews
 com.example.cnn_news_app.Activity.Hilt_DetailedNews$1
com/example/cnn_news_app/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitInstanceFactory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitInstanceFactory
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/ActivityDetailedNewsBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.ActivityDetailedNewsBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/data/database/NewsDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.NewsDatabase_Impl
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.NewsDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/Hilt_SavedFragment.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.Hilt_SavedFragment
com/example/cnn_news_app/DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.DaggerMyApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/example/cnn_news_app/MyApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/cnn_news_app/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/ActivityLiveTvBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.ActivityLiveTvBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/di/DatabaseModule_ProvideDaoFactory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.di.DatabaseModule_ProvideDaoFactory
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/SavedNewsItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.SavedNewsItemLayoutBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/Activity/Hilt_SearchedDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.Activity.Hilt_SearchedDetailsActivity
 com.example.cnn_news_app.Activity.Hilt_SearchedDetailsActivity$1
com/example/cnn_news_app/data/database/ArticleDao_Impl.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$1
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$10
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$11
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$12
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$13
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$14
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$15
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$16
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$17
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$18
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$19
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$2
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$20
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$21
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$22
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$23
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$24
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$25
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$26
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$27
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$28
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$29
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$3
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$30
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$31
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$32
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$4
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$5
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$6
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$7
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$8
 com.example.cnn_news_app.data.database.ArticleDao_Impl$9
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.cnn_news_app.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentEntertainmentBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentEntertainmentBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_di_NetworkModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_di_NetworkModuleModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/MyApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MyApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cnn_news_app/repository/NewsRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.repository.NewsRepository_Factory
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/ActivitySearchedDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.ActivitySearchedDetailsBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/FragmentSavedBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.FragmentSavedBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/ItemLiveNewsBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.ItemLiveNewsBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/Hilt_ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.Hilt_ProfileFragment
com/example/cnn_news_app/databinding/SavedSerchedItemLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.databinding.SavedSerchedItemLayoutBinding
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/SavedFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.SavedFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_cnn_news_app_viewmodel_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_cnn_news_app_viewmodel_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModuleModuleDeps
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.ProfileFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/cnn_news_app/view/fragments/category/Hilt_SportsFragment.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.view.fragments.category.Hilt_SportsFragment
com/example/cnn_news_app/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.MainViewModel_Factory
com/example/cnn_news_app/viewmodel/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.viewmodel.MainViewModel_Factory
com/example/cnn_news_app/Activity/DetailedNews_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.cnn_news_app.Activity.DetailedNews_GeneratedInjector
